[Music]
hello it's Ruby and today I am finally
going to be showing you my room tour I
am in private student accommodation this
year I'm living with friends I love my
room to pieces I cannot even tell you
how much I love it's so cozy and it
feels just so much more me than my last
room dead which was in holes and it was
just a little bit more silly when you
walk in this is my door and on the back
it's really nice because there are two
hooks here on here I keep my can-can
I've got my coats I did actually bring
my bed jacket to university this year
everything that may rain Mac and I
always keep my key hung up here as well
then here I've got a giant window which
is really amazing it lets him so much
light around the window I have put all
of these fairy lights and then I snakes
them all the way around say that they
then go all the way up my desk just look
how crazy that is
on this windowsill I've got this room
diffuser which is from the body shop and
it smells like pine and I've got this
fake candlestick because actually in
this accommodation I am not allowed to
use candles and then on this side I've
got an another fake candle and I've got
some letter writing supplies I've got
some letters here at the front which I
want to reply to I've also got my
address book here which is a beautiful
Edgar Allan Poe one and I put this
lovely letter item set from the geek and
black so then here I have got my laundry
basket you can separate your clothes as
you're going along at the moment empty
because I just did my laundry then next
to it I've got a pile of books you'll
see that I've just got a few piles of
the hooks all over my room because I
don't have a bookcase so these are just
some of the books that I brought back
from home the light in the dark by
Horacio Claire this is really me to
library starter set then I've got four
bottles of this tapped birch water this
is probably my favorite drink at the
moment then we come to the Wardrobe my
wardrobe is so big I cannot tell you how
happy I am with this wardrobe so in this
first cupboard here in this one I keep
all of my top
so I've got them unfolded here and I've
also got my two scoffs hanging from the
pole then in this beautiful bag I love
this makeup bag Dickens and Jones I
believe I got you on sale and in here
I've got all of my hair accessories so
I've got some hair bows I've got some
headbands this is my adventure band from
the bucket list family in this next one
I've got bottoms today I've got my
skirts at the front and then my trousers
at the back and then in the bottom one
I've got all of my shoes at the top I've
got this set of loungewear and at the
back it's basically just a few items
which are dirty but that I don't trust
myself to wash because the fabric is
quite delicate so I'm gonna wait and
bring them home okay so here as you can
see I've got all of my hanging staff I
love that there's so much space but I
could literally hang up all of my
jumpers then at the bottom I have just
put my exercise mats here at the back
then I've got some berries here and also
some gloves usually I would have my rain
hat hair as well but it's gone missing
it's very sad I've got a sperm toilet
roll here and then I've got a shower cap
and some hand towels then I've got these
drawers which came with the width the
room and they are very very useful for
storage so on top I've just set this
plastic crate which mayor Madison gave
me actually I just keep my toothbrush
two-faced just things that I need on a
regular basis in the top drawer I have
got underwear then in the next one this
is all of my sportswear and then the
final one
I've got pajamas spend on top here this
is such a handy storage space so here
I've got some cleaning supplies then
I've got this bar which has some
spaetzle Neri in this is my desk I love
my desk - beauty's it's so homely it's
nowhere near as big as last year's desk
but I really like the size of it and I
will be doing a desk tool so I'm not
going to go to very much depth there are
a few things I do want to point out to
you which I really like first of all
here I've got this far with
and lavender that I picked at home with
great lavender at home and I brought
this back with me and it makes the room
smell really nice I also got this
notebook which I want to show you
because it's brand-new I only got it
yesterday so my friends
Sasha Blakely and I went to wood stains
and Sasha and I got these matching
notebooks which we're going to use for
criticisms notes also at the back here
keep my study planners so then I've also
got my pin board here so I've basically
wrapped these very lights around it in
the middle section I like to just put
things like my meal plan my to-do list
and then here I've got some photos these
lovely autumn leaves and also because
it's never too early for Christmas so
the first one is one of my family lovely
the wooden spoon fatal up here top the
top twelve or ones from university so
fast so then below my desk unfortunately
of course I have got all of these awful
wires I need to come up with a system to
make this look better maybe putting a
basket here or something I've got school
work down here I've also got some of
these biscuits using my favorite snacks
goodies gingerbread biscuits
even though they are intended for babies
I've just got some notebooks back here
and my iPads in here I keep stationery
I've got this really nice mat which is
from Ikea I love the texture of it it
feels very farmhouse II and I've just
got my lovely bunny slippers here so
then one thing which is really cool with
this room is that that is it there's
lots of under bed storage so in my room
last year I couldn't really use the
under bed storage because you had to
lift up the whole bed to get to it but
here it's really easy you can just
underneath I actually have never had a
bed where I can do this
so I really am enjoying being able to
put stuff under I've got my printer here
it's buried in there which I don't
actually need at the moment this here is
my bed box so then I've got this crate
again from Ikea this is like not great
these are just things that I can reach
for if I want a quick snack and I'm
walking back there I've got suitcases
and in that bag there I've got all of my
bags
reusable bags as a harry potter patients
crate I've got all of my toiletries
including hair clips hair bubbles oil I
like plasters and blister plasters then
this is like that I really like my dad
it's so cozy above my bed I just put up
some of my favorite Polaroids this here
is a Felicity Verity and I these are my
cousin's my best friend Natasha and then
I've got these really nice paper stars
which I got on sale at the white company
back I just say and this cushion at the
front is the only one that's new I
really like it I thought was bottoms
actually I get very very cold and so
I've bought two and they fill these up
every single evening then at the end of
my bed I have got some blankets this one
is actually a scarf but it looks very
nice and I'm this blanket I got marching
my friend as hashim from Ikea literally
this is the most amazing blanket I've
ever owned it's got such a gorgeous
texture it really reminds me of animals
and you for some reason this is a
Haunter basket which I found at home you
won't you name so I decided to bring it
with me this is my sign from the climate
strike so in here I forgot
basically just random things I've got a
Hogwarts broom hey which is just good
for a fancy dress party at the all three
of cook with I brought deliciously other
plant-based cook but 15-minute vegan and
the hungry student vegan cookbook and
all of my cables in air I've got some
recyclable rubbish bags
like postage supply tears I don't I'm
not a parcel
I just got here is this came with the
room again there's this nice rack so I
just hang my towel up here after I've
had a shower said that it can dry and
then down here I've got another stack of
books these books are library books oh
and you can also see under my bed here
so I keep my backseat in here I just
have so many policies this is my wet
seat I really like the design and it's
so warm this keeps you so tasty when
you're in the water I've got another
window which is great so a breeze can
come through between both rooms even
though the windows only open to that I
have got this lovely little display with
Harry Potter postcard here my glasses
case this glass ornament which lights up
then I've got my kindness journal pride
of place here I love to use this every
single evening and I've also got my
normal journal so on the wall above the
radiator I've got a few pictures I'm
hoping to add to this over the course of
the year
this poster which was given to you by my
English teacher from school there's a
postcard from the foundling Museum this
is Emmeline Pankhurst the Great Gatsby
this is the postcard from my librarian
at school and then these two pieces of
artwork by British book reader so then
we loop round here excused very very
bright thoughts Amira it was again in
the room when I got here which was
really amazing
it's a full-length mirror and I'm very
happy with it and also this was left
this is a Dell box which is actually my
bedside table it's a bit strange this is
definitely the weirdest thing in the
room but all of us have got them so on
my mirror I've just put up a few photos
at the bottom here this one's of my
camping crew this is my English teacher
and headmistress with me on my last day
of school these are my grandparents
again on my last day of school on the
sideboard I have got this CAF Kidston
makeup bag and inside here I have
coincidentally got all of my makeup so
this is all of my makeup from home I've
also got my Google home I've got this
autumn room spray this smells incredible
I cannot recommend it enough
and also this deodorant which my one of
my flatmates recommended to me and I
would really recommend it in turn at the
top here apple-pie photo which is very
random and then this photo of my cousins
and I when we were little down here
again I have got more books so these are
more kind of recreational books my Harry
Potter illustrated edition for the
Philosopher's Stone and then I've got
this really cute basket which we use as
a Christmas decoration at home again it
adds like hazy vibes
high room in here I've got a notebook
and also some polaroid film then lastly
on the other side I have got this basket
where I keep a tray some blue tag and a
ziplock bag it's not very full at the
moment but sometimes this has more
things in it so thank you so much for
watching this video I hope that you
enjoyed it and I hope that you have a
productively
[Music]